you're going to love [Music]
[Music] it [Music]
you up let girl you know you love get
[Music] youp it up that good you know you love
Hil Satan get you some poisonous venom cup hot purple sip it up that girl you
know you love satanic initiation in the Park after dark creepy
stuff in the Garden of Gethsemane accomplishes prostitutes and accountants
where the necromancers hang out and get high with Lady Babylon no doubt a purple
facial of SE sh seing opiate and adrenic chrome the dark lord of Saturn Satan's
pest an eerie tail of sinister [Music]
Doom up that girl you know you love say you get
[Music]
you thank you teddy base for the best Tunes
um I'm going to be using those for the the rest of this series um and I just
want to say thank you I want to say thank you to everybody um tonight who's coming to
this giant Round Table I want to thank you for coming tonight on lady Babylon
we are going to take one step deep deeper into the apocalypse are you ready
are you ready for this I dressed for the occasion I have tickets I have tickets
tonight just for you and me now took few string
pulling get you know the tickets so where am I going to be able to take you
I just want you to know the devil has given us the pass we can go right to the
right we can go right there we can get ready to profane it all get ready to
bring it out I have got to warn you tonight I have a
text that will make you tense up it'll make you tense up
like that oh some smooth muscle action it's going to make you tense
up yep almost like there's a demon there oh my God you're going to love it
tonight I get to take you to a place look people a lot of people don't get to access this right right what's he doing
he's uh bringing us into the mood while the ship takes us there in time and
space where are we going boom right to the right you and I are going to infiltrate tonight you and I are going
to infiltrate I want before we start I just
want to take us to a place I want you to I just want you to have some inspiration
for for the rest of our journey and I want to warn you I know that I've warned
you in the past but tonight I'm warning you this material is
radioactive okay you may walk away from this
regretting that you saw it for those of you you who's starting
to get that little nausea H Buckle up cuz here it comes I'm bringing you the
sources this is necromancy one 101 tonight and I'm bringing you the sources
you're going to love this hold your stomachs hold your stomachs because
we're going right into the heart right into the heart what do we have tonight
we have a Christian mystery before we take you into the Christian mystery
history and a firsthand account there's drugs there's drugs and
there's Babies yeah drugs and babies and a lot of blood a lot of blood
wow it's a an historical text kitties let's go look at it tonight
first look to the goat thank you very much
everyone who brought this hit it chewy can we my goat we my go
we where's my goat where's my goat we my
go everybody look at my goat nice that get my goat it's my goat get my goat my
goat I want to I want to bring to bring to you the confusion I want to
I want to bring to you the confusion the
[Music]
med okay here it comes are you ready nice [Music]
go
[Music] I don't want you to feel the authenticity and that we do not accept
any sort of cash reimbursement or any sort of gold or silver or whatever
currency or glitch of electric space you decide toest that's the test nobody gets
in the door stuff yeah isn't that [Music]
nice welcome to Lady Bon initiating
apocalypse as I'm doing so bring some images to your right you are progressing
down this path you have to understand the past the only way to do that is
through the sourc source you got to go to somebody who's classically trained I want you to asso
sex and religion relig sex and religion
sex and sex religion and religion nobody
gets to the door who sells stuff everybody thank you to chewy and to all
the work that Chewy's done cuz that's the only way that we fly
go fantastic cult examiner and serious thank you so much for that contribution
what you see people is the functioning Museum you see the artists that are
willing to step up when you say look the Only Rule is you're not going to take any money
for anything yeah you got to take the money out of the equation people you got to
take it out where do you think that corruption comes from we used to worship
nemesis and you know the rule you know the rule that stuff
corrupts yeah it does you can't wash it off you can't wash it off love it the
Watchers love it too where are we going tonight we're going to a village of creeps man I'm telling you bring up my
first um yeah this is the people that we're going to and now I'm gonna show
you some images and everything chew's going to be flashing them up there these things may assault you oh are you ready
for this you better be on your throne everybody out there satanic initiation everybody's been through
it sit in the throne be in the throne fantastic we're gonna go see the easte
today Who The Who and the what these are the people that pray don't you know they
are a group of Christians who understand and perform
the mystery are you ready they're going to perform it tonight for us just for you and me I knew you'd love it I knew
you'd love it that's why that's why I brought you love it let's go next one
look at this okay this is before hey open your mouth I'm gonna spit in it are you ready
that's what the text is saying hey get your dirty minds out of the gutter um chewy blow that up I want to be able to
translate this for people oh so this dude comes long and what happens he says
um I I'm I'm commanding you what do you want me to do bro put
this in your mouth take this plant what yeah and then when I took his plant and
then he opened my mouth and he spat in it he spat in your mouth yeah he spat
right in my mouth and I was like dude I don't know if I can go this far next thing you know he's putting this
incrustation in my eyes he is christing you yes he is
christing you what is all this for let me just translate it directly it's so
that we could see the multitude of demons
fantastic fantastic and uh what happened at that point um well you see it was
a Crow no it was a raven a raven it was a
raven it just flew right at me went right in my mouth right into my mouth
Raven in my mouth um who was this guy that did this
to you um fantastic and he actually christed you yeah yeah he had all the
drugs give me the next give me the next one it was a great time I wish you guys had all been there
um blow this up blow this up chewy what's this saying look people these are the these are the
scholars the source that I just gave you was a man
named what was his name Mike Mike Mike
CIS and PS sis and what did he do what did he do oh
my God he left us this wonderful account of these prayers what do you do if you're an elitus you
pray that is how you bring that power do you understand do you understand if
you're not praying you're not bringing the power let's bring it chewy give me
that text oh God we got to spit um look these are the scholars now are talking
about Mike and they're saying look there's types of drugs right these christs look at that second line people
in the first word you ever see Christ used as a drug well
here it is even the people making the notes were saying look these are types of drugs you know we Christ people for
the sake of therapy for the sake of therapy you've never cast out a demon before have you
oh God get you know what I mean like kind of
like that and boom next thing you know somebody spit in your mouth and putting stuff in your
eyes I I knew you'd love this party let's keep going see what else what else
are these people doing it has not even started the stuff that I'm about to tell you oh my God it's gon to get us all
kicked out of the Galaxy watch this okay we bring that up yeah so some of these
things he says we drink and we've got powders and we've got christs and those
christs or medicines that are being applied applied to the eyes
ah fantastic spit my mouth yeah it's the way the medicine
works if you have a problem with your physician drinking your urine and spitting in your mouth you probably
Antiquities not place for you now let's go to the next text boom Oh look another
note I just wanted you to see another note look at the very bottom line
far and everybody when talk about Christ as the pharmaceutical operation people
look at me and they scratch their head okay this is for that annoying this is
for that annoying person you know who you are you know who you are
well here it is check it out
you stop you you g to stop me when I you got to stop me when I go there I had
flashes visions of things that rhyme with Gamora let's go um look what's
going on here um Christ Pharmaceuticals yeah yeah get christed
baby next one boom look what we've got here now
this is a giant taex I am not going to stand here and translate this I'm going
to break it down a little bits and just want it to roll I just want it to roll I want you to sit there I want you to sit
there in your chairs you sit there in your car or maybe you propped up on your
bed maybe you're sitting there in a Jacuzzi that's that's nice if you go to jacuzzi sit there and I just want you to
soak up the scene of what's going on the scene because we're going to infiltrate
the Christians we're going to watch what they do are you ready
this is forbidden Christianity yeah yeah oh God look at
them look at them they're getting here chewy look look look okay the ghosts are here bra hurry before they get
distracted before they get distracted I'm going to begin this off for you it was nighttime about the time that the people
light the Torches blow it up and you know it's about the time that we go out
and sing the so IC passion is about that time so what do
they do what do they do what what what do they you you could tell they doing tell me what they're doing oh um so they
gather together all the girls who have been trained for these specific purposes
and they put them together inside a pre-selected
chamber fantastic to get him a get him a room get him a room for the evening what
do these girls do there what do these girls do there well the first thing is they put out the lights yeah go ahead
give you the next one first thing is they do what first thing is they put out
the lights right it's dark why do they put out the lights you
might ask well what does he say here so this they have no light of
witness of their dirty
dirc remember this is a this is a pretty frustrated frustrated man writing um
some of the things that you see in it right you gotta remember the the author is everything and this guy is a genius
Michael Salis is a genius don't don't um please don't forget that take that home
with you but um you know he's Michael Salis fantastic let's look at the drugs
that he's going to talk about are you ready you they didn't think I would bring him this cult but you know hey we
got a 93 let's go let's go to the next one yeah fantastic what happens so it's
at night you get all these girls in this designated place right and you put out the lights so that you don't have to see
anything and then what happen happens oh God look at that third line down middle of the line
in in AEL you mean they give them
AEL yep they give him assela to the Kora yeah to the Kora we
gotta we're making babies what you're making babies sh sh
we're making babies and we're g to use those babies
we're doing it outside the boundaries of
law this is not natural you know what we
use we use the
black foam we use the black foam use the black foam
to inseminate that seed is the unnatural seed let's see oh
God is this what are they doing this for can you believe this what are they doing
at far let's go to the next one oh God when you understand um the the the dirt
that's in the language um you can't go back baby you can't go back so um they
do they enter into AEL GAA I need you to um yeah I need you to go back one you
just go back drop back one look now you got if you leave the storm tropers yes that's good if you leave them there
they'll come back you know um hya in whatever way they do this assel GAA now
if you grab for yourself a British vict torian
gent and ask to him what is Asel GAA you
you uptight scholar of Oxford and he'll say oh why it's wanting
violence and you'll say first of all I do not know the word wanton um but it sounds dirty and he'll
tell you in fact it is dirty violence in
ways that we do not speak unless we say wanton and I am waxing
wanton okay that's what they're doing to the girls okay those dirty Christians go to
the next go to the next that same that same Source yep and um how do they do
it as each person wants oh my God and what happens there
's a sister and a daughter and a coming together and why do we do it I didn't
hear any men did did you hear any men I didn't hear the participation of any men
here uhuh now you know why they're trained because it takes a lot of work
to be able to do this have you ever tried inseminating a bull
yeah you got the wrong wrong right cart horse not quite when you take to
that cow in estris when you take to her that seen
that has been prepped in a solution that won't kill the seen the freezing won't
kill the seen and yes I'm AI certified how'd you know um and when you're going
to inseminate you have to to have proper you know
suspension um if if you don't things are going to go bad so kudos to the girls of
antiquity who were able to figure out the science of being able to transfer to a
virgin the unlawful seed everybody everybody the unlawful seed can I give a
can I give a can I give a shout out to the virgin with her unlawful seed this
is fantastic I love this now why does this all happen go to the next text well why
does this all happen because the demons right if you're not harness harnessing
the diamon a you're in the wrong place what are you doing here seriously did
you want to cure these people or not you got to have powers to cure right okay
and how do you track those Powers oh god let's look at the text look look look
look look um they do these things right and you're not supposed to care if it's
a mother who's inseminating or daughter that's um that's the draw of the ancient
orgy right what does he say he says because um if you transgress those
Divine laws if you transgress the nature of the
universe what happens um it draws those demons that's
what they really want they really want to be drawn and um what's the thing that
really the text says what is the thing that really draws them what kind of you
know getting together that's what it says literally we're kind of getting
together really drives the demons now come on if you're sitting there tonight
and you don't know the answer to this question you have not lived you have not
lived now every one of you out there knows it knows it I know it's just you
and me but you know it you know it what
is that draw are you ready I'm going to let you feel this I'm G to send this out and let you feel it what really brings
the demon oh you know what brings a
demon mixing homogeneous blood wait
what mixing homogenous blood
um just for my audience are you referring to yes
relatives a brother and a sister a father and a daughter a
mother and her son and Paul the Apostle gets up and he
says wait wait a minute that's got to stop and everybody's like what that
Viper junkie say ride on his horse man lightning
boom wo are you on the throne too there's an unlawful m going on so what
do they do chewy what do they do oh my God what do they do bring up the next
one next one we got to the end there oh fantastic W look at that Top Line by the
way hios hog doesn't it sound dirty o right it is
it's very dirty homogenous blood
marriages now the benefit going outside of natural
law is that you get to use the
results of what you create right what's contrary to Nature
let's see what they create let's see what they create oh God so what do they do um they uh when when they finish when
these expert women finish and thing things have happened and we wait tick
tock tick tock nine months later are you ready now you and I we couldn't be at
the insemination because don't be a dirty freak bro you know what I
mean but now we can go to the 9mon reaping are you ready you Satan freaks
are you ready going to love this oh God what happens what happens when they
finish sh in these rights they disband they wait nine months and they get back
together right why because there's a time for them to reap those
fetuses ripping them away from their mother what do they do what do they do
oh god well first of all look at the fourth line in this and I just want you
to see the expression x a spos you see that
speros these fetuses are wait are we at a
Christian right yes these fetuses are made from that sperm that is
outside of the natural div Divine
Law Oh you mean these early Christians are being
witches oh God can you okay look I I promised you I would bring you I
promised I would bring you um okay but here it comes are you ready
are you ready that was the you know we're getting into the main course are you
ready oh children
here we go let's go bring it up next one what happens here and there's we've only got a few more of these so um let's
let's find the glory here um what happens yeah when they finish it they come back and then
next next chewy boom and what happens and then oh oh God and then
um after they've taken away the Chan rips it away and they call this thing the USA this is the
accursed do you understand I I forgot to tell you I forgot can you take it down
for a minute this is the cursed seed
yeah this is the accursed seed that we're talking about um you have to remember that the
Satan Satan himself he was a Son of
God yeah yeah um you you might not have known that um but
realize that we are in the process of burning off mortality yeah fantastic don't you like
what the Virgin produces and why he is the
Christ you mean those Christians were actually doing the real rights yes how
where do you think history is oh my God
seriously oh let's do it let's keep delving get back to the source here
we're going to have to play the goat song again I feel that they're hypnotized let's see what does he doing let's just look at the third line down
they take these breade and what do they do they they
um they make incisions in them and make incisions and cut
things and from the these cuting they collect the
blood they collect the blood and what do they do with the blood
what do they do with the blood well they use the blood in a
medicine that makes me 10 years
younger what yeah no I'm not kidding you they have I can tell you as somebody
who has worked in a laboratory right I've done several
several different types endocrine um andrology um
neuro doing brain sections o love that yeah and I can tell you for a fact um as
a scientist what they're doing is
remarkable they're talking about trans transfusion
transfusion do you know what you can do with the fetus just hang on you can
grow the fetus show some of the pictures please you can grow a
fetus inside your body and you can feed your
body a regimen of drugs that by the time those nine months
are over your son of God be ready for
christing and we're GNA take his blood why because the Christ's
blood is life you say what yeah how old do you
think that guy is you ever see any growths on him
interesting yeah yeah wow you mean there's applications to this yeah yeah
we have lost a thousand years of scientific
development we've lost it the favor that Christianity did western
civilization was to mute and to [__] our
scientific progress I will remind you as the devil
is always harping I'll remind
you it's not about what you think it is it's about
power yeah and the enemy of democracy see will always masquerade as its
greatest champion uhhuh they'll rewrite history right in front of your eyes aren't you
glad to be alive this year aren't you glad oh it's lovely sorry I'm sorry sh
I'm getting so excited go let's do the next text these people these are all professionals man these people need time
and space to get things worked out right um so look they collect them and they bring they put the the blood into the
vials um next one please and I just want you to see that one of the things that
they're cutting they call the Saria of these children that are cooked to
Perfection um and forcefully delivered and then subjected to the burning
subjected to the burning and when the mothers see it they're always like no
[Laughter] right they're like no what are you
doing you know and that's why we have the elisian
Mysteries you didn't realize that demophon they're doing the same thing
the Christians owe their entire history to the Greek
Mysteries there wouldn't be anywhere m muston is a greatek word right there's no Hebrew around at
the time people put your story book down Charlton Hon's dead yeah
fantastic fantastic let's go to the next W hit it what is that what is this
little piece of Flesh oh go back go back people I was showing them baby flesh okay right what do they cut of the
children what do they cut they cut the Saron well it's a diminutive of SARS why
didn't he just say SS which would mean flesh yeah why didn't he just say that I
want you to look at Roman numeral number two this is bits of flash bitty bits
okay fine look at number two sitting there in purple
num uh oh I hear nymph right everybody loves nymphs don't
they if they don't they need more goat time whoever does not love nymphs needs
goat time um get me the next one um what is our nymph here blow it up
chewy te check this out people I want you to see it's a young wife bride marriageable Maiden young girl can just
be a young girl yeah get uh take it down give me the next one what else is a
nymph oh you see nymph is a huge Concept in Antiquity look at this this can be an
actual force of nature that you have to deal with you ever deal with a nymph you
know what they always do nymphs right first of all always beautiful right get
a shout out to all the nymphs out there um gorgeous right especially those tree
nymphs man I you got to give it to them you know um but what do they do um they do things like drown you in a
sexual frenzy right oh seriously where do you think Heracles boy went right where do
you where do you think where do you think he ended up yeah he ended up in the arms of a nymph isn't that how it is
Addis put your privates away Addis and then they cut them off isn't that funny
oh nymphs nymphs you better have a crowd of people with you if you're ever around
the nymphs yes yeah REM more oh more great goat time more goat time hit it
hit it hit the goats again hit it oh bring it I can feel it can we get my goat can we get my goat can we get my
[Music] where's my goat where's my goat we my
goat everybody look at my goat nice that it's my goat it's my goat it's my goat
it's my goat I want to I want to bring
to bring to you the confusion I want to I want to bring to you the
confusion the med [Music]
okay here it comes are you ready nice we [Music]
go I don't want you to feel the authenticity and that we do not accept
any sort of cash reimbursement or any sort of gold or silver or whatever
currency or glitch of electric space you decide to invest that's the test nobody
gets in the door sell stuff yeah isn't that
[Music] nice welcome to lady abon
initiating apocalypse and as I'm doing so bring some images to your bra you are
progressing down this path you have to understand the past the only way to do
that is to the sourcy sourc you got to go to somebody who's classically trained I want you to
associate sex and religion religion sex and
religion sex and sex religion and relig
nobody gets in the door who sells stuff everybody thank you to chewy and to all
the work that Chewy's done cuz that's the only way that we
fly go okay Chewy hit it we got one more star system to go to what is going on um
look what else the nymph can be for those of you who have the stomach um the
rose bud right particularly the opening Rose Bud what a beautiful image the
nymph that Spirit of that spring you know which what I'm talking about that
nymph she's that opening roseb bud if you take those images as you sit on the
throne you'll be able to access that Grotto right it's pants Grotto oh God
what is pan who is Pan he's the nymph Chaser nymph
Chaser seriously here here to the nymph
Chaser let's go these people have things to do um what was the other one bring up
the definition I think we dropped out something very dirty I can hear R screaming no the last one I can hear him
screaming look at number nine what is that it this is from people okay for
everybody who wants to censor the knowledge of the world I will not let
you do that for the Greek this word N
means Roman numeral number nine clitorus and the sources are
Rufus and Galen look at Galen oh yeah galen's there right okay so
scientifically people they're cutting they're cutting these
children they're cutting these children and taking the blood taking the
blood right you get a whole Harvest of these Christian babies right that you take the blood
from and what do you do with the kids you smoke them you smoke you do what you
smoke them welcome to elus they don't know people
will try to sell you stuff online remember people try to sell you stuff online here here's my course and the
Mysteries and there is nothing in there why because they were just trying
to sell you something sat satanic congregation didn't buy it did we no we didn't cuz we
don't get taken advantage of we don't this is Nemesis baby let's go project
Nemesis let's go look at this okay here what's happening oh my God they mix the
ba they mix the baby blood that's in the vials and by the way the word for the vile there is f and what is that it's a
word that an angel uses it's an instrument it's like a little holder of
drugs they call it the container of the sharp plague oh oh God you pour this
stuff out you know what happens when they bring this stuff you can see the entire troop of
demons oh God you interrupt has something to do with brain interrupt
your brain all a sudden you're seeing Quantum stuff oh my God next thing you know you're wandering you're wandering
around getting tempted by the devil longest longest on record oh love it
let's go let's go where is Jesus tonight by the way where's are we finding the
Christ right let's find him um what do they make with it look at the third line
down second half of the
line wait they what they synthesize literally or compound the
BMA the what the Delma it's the
synthetic oh wait a minute um isn't this the thing that chewy isn't this wait
we've seen this before what is this Abomination that we're talking about
give me the next one give me the next one we're going to go back to that look people here's the
quote where's it sources right up
you here we go all right right Kai heun there was this woman right and she's
clothed and the stuff andoo what happens look at the second line near the end line
gon she's got a golden cop in her hand and what is she doing what's in that
golden cup the same thing you and I just saw
Delma it is her Abomination ladies did you know that you
could produce an Abomination yeah yes you can you can it's part of your witchy
creative activity but it's this witchy creative activity this witchy genius that has given us the Christ so we owe
them don't we who are you talking we we owe them don't
we yeah we've got to give them the truth you you people develop this and now
they've got to know it right their Christ is from this now we know right
we' ever since Jesus got brought up on charges you know um declared guilty it's
okay the talking about Jesus's naked boy that he was arrested with in a public
park at 4:00 a.m. that's all okay oh and by the way I will be talking in in a
couple of interviews coming up um trying to keep these people from putting them
behind some kind of pay wall because the devil was like you've been hooking and I
was like what who said that which one of these
demons excuse [Music]
me there he is one of them gave you a bad story because I don't do any hookery
I don't I refuse it no matter the invitations no
hooker that's what happens when you give in and you compromise right you know
what side can be turned over you know what's going to be exposed don't you
yeah greed man greed is a terrible thing no hookery please for
anyone um yeah yeah let's go back to the
to Lady Babylon there we go and what she got she's got that golden cup with that
real genuine formula with that
pollution that can reverse aging yeah that can prevent
growth yeah it'll change your metabolism isn't that weird you're
programming people biologically um it's a type of medicine
we lost it we lost it yes um it could be taken back it
could but then where are we going to find all the babies right oh God don't
you love this you evangelicals out there if you don't hear this and know that this is the end you know right now you
should go up to your if you're an Evangelical walk up to your rooftop
yeah yeah go out to your roof stand there and look up because Jesus is on
his way he is on his way and he's gonna be bringing with him a naked kid hit us
with the last let's go I want to really give him this one go ahead look at people I just want to translate this for
you a little bit of Latin so we don't lose our culture
NE what is he saying oh my God it scares me to have to bring this to you to show
you gods that are made captive the very elements themselves
serving nature bound to serve a
girl the stars of the pole the course of the Sun the constellations of the sky
all of them led by the will of of a woman a woman who suspends the
lightning the things that media orders when
she commands that the etheral
flame return oh my God her voice penetrates the air excellent love it
love it who is that some cultist right connected with all yes of course what do you think man they're singing These
hymns anywhere else you people are remarkable you've always follow go to
the last text I love this I love this I'm gonna make some comments by the way about you people too I just want you to
see I just want you to see here don't be I'm translating don't be
surprised right if these woman shaped demons come to you
don't W be surprised okay why why they're going to
come in forms these demons I'm telling you they're going to come in forms um
look listen this is between you and me me and satanic initiation on our date as
we're watching this and as we're seeing it um remember there's an exchange going
on right there's an exchange and I want you to keep an eye on the blood here and
and if we see a demon who is a woman and that woman is
forcing you as a woman to do things that that um should be hidden in
darkness realize that we've made it we've made it to that
medicine and maybe we can find a cure maybe we can find a
cure what thank you very much for coming tonight I want to tell everybody that I
will list any sort of interviews that I'm giving right
now I'll I'll put them up here Che and I I'll list them for you um I'd love to
tell you but I haven't seen any links yet that I can give you that you don't have to pay for um shame on the world
right Shame On The World um as Nemesis the furies
say um your greed stains your souls with
the stench of Ruin yeah isn't there enough blood yeah
oh God I I just want to tell you thank you so much thank you so much for
spending your time here with me and I want you to know that every minute that
I engage with these texts every time every time I'm telling you um I can feel
you and I can feel that draw I appreciate um I appreciate your energy
yeah yeah um I appreciate your energy and when I'm prepping this I'm doing it
knowing that I don't want you to have anything but what is the reality we want
the purest spring we are raising the museum we are raising it and in our
meetings you can see you can see the art coming to life wife and you can see
people stepping up this is the time this is the time we need to bring back the
museum and our way to do it is through this fun fun fun stuff thank you for
coming tonight thank you Jesus for being arrested in a public park at 4:00 A.M
with a naked boy because this gives me such Comfort it gives me such Comfort if
you're up on the roof and you're waiting for Jesus keep
looking keep looking hail Satan get you some BO in this
Venom up let girl you know you love get you s po
been up girl you you love you might have
missed a spot purple drugs on your face in the air
theight it's all right babon lovely
[Music]
lady